I am an undergraduate at the University of Illinois pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science.

On a journey to combine my passions for healthcare and process improvement, my focus is on global healthcare optimization and how to create the best experience possible for all patients, especially those in under privileged situations.

I am currently interested in a wide array of internship positions such as management consulting in healthcare, strategy and technology consulting, data analytics, project management, healthcare administration, global healthcare analyst, service towards the disabled community, or operations. I am looking to get an understanding of what different paths entail to plan ahead, and try new opportunities!

Commitment to leadership and being influential in a community are both very important to me. Through research, volunteering, a full-ride merit scholarship student and holding a variety of executive positions on campus, I hope to improve and challenge myself, to be introduced to new perspectives, to gain rewarding experiences and exposure, and to help make wherever I am a little better for a lot of people.

I love traveling, photography, creating videos, writing, learning new languages and cultures, and trying new food. I've also been learning dance for 14 years now and consider it my biggest companion and comfort!

Hey there. I am a third-year student studying Computer Science at UC Irvine who loves to find new and creative ways to solve problems and plan to use that passion to develop in the technology industry once I finish school.

I am always looking for Tech Conferences, Networking Events, or any other professional experience with software development! Feel free to shoot me a message or reach out at dmuonekw@uci.edu!

Here's what I've been up to:
-------------------------------
* SacHacks 2018 { 11/28/18 }
* SB Hacks 2019 { 01/11/19 }
* CruzHacks 2019 { 01/18/19 }
* LinkedIn Accelerate U { 02/02/19 }
* Honored at Golden 1 Center for Hackathon Project { 02/10/19 }
* Capital One Ignite { 03/02/19 }
* NSBE's 45th Annual Convention { 03/25/19 }
* Bank of America's Ignite with STEM Forum { 04/01/19 }
* Twitter #TechProud19 { 06/07/19 }
* Capital One Engineering Summit { 08/04/19 }
* Tapia Diversity in Computing Conference { 09/18/19 }
* Forbes Under 30 Summit { 10/27/19 }

Junior at Duke University majoring in Computer Science and minoring in Chinese and Sociology. I am looking to build impactful products in a fast-paced, collaborative environment as a software engineer after graduation. I am particularly interested in education, AI and anything that involves the sharing economy (Airbnb-, Uber-style products). In addition, I am fascinated by companies that are looking to modernize archaic industries that are in desperate need of technological revamping (e.g. real estate, international shipping). Check out my GitHub at https://github.com/yupjpn!

Background in Computer Science and Statistics.

I am a junior pursuing a dual degree in Computer Science and Economics. My research interests and work experiences revolve around Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, specifically Reinforcement Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing and applications within Computer Vision.

Junior majoring in Electrical and Computer Engineering at Cornell University. Feel free to contact my email at as2756@cornell.edu.

I am a Computer Science major passionate about innovation and entrepreneurship. Currently, I am looking to launch my own company and gain real-world experience through internships.

Senior at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign studying Computer Science. Passionate about bringing change through technology and innovation and bridging the gender divide in tech. Interested in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Full Stack Development, Mobile Development and Virtual Reality.

I am currently an undergraduate at Georgia Tech studying computer science. My experience includes mobile and web application development, and machine learning. I am looking to continue to gain further experience in machine learning/artificial intelligence projects.

Neha is an avid learner and enthusiastic software developer with full-stack development skills and extensive experience in middle-tier and database technologies. Currently seeking a software developer intern role where she can blend her passion for problem-solving and project management with software development.
Skills: Java, Object-Oriented-Programming, SQL, Python
Interests: Application Development, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence

The ever-expanding world of Computer Science never ceases to amaze me. Whether it be writing a quick script to automate a task, learning about Artificial Intelligence that can generate music scores or Machine Learning algorithms that can detect or predict Cancer - the field of CS is truly empowering. It's also very important to me that students in High School and even earlier gain the exposure to Computer Science that is so desperately needed in today's technology-driven world.

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science at The University of Texas at Austin.

I have graduated high school as valedictorian and plan to pursue a career in Computer Science. I am completing my Bachelors and plan to complete my Masters from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.

I am a third-year student at Georgia Tech working towards a BS in Computer Science. I am looking for software development or data science opportunities.

I am highly skilled in Java, Scala, and Python and have worked with C and Javascript in previous projects. I currently work as a Teaching Assistant in the GT College of Computing with years of past software and teaching experience.

Jenny Xu is currently pursuing her Bachelor's in Computer Science and Applied Math at Stony Brook University. She recently developed various coding projects, one being a Node.js website with use of MongoDB, Vue.js, Python and D3.

Jenny specializes in Software Development and is passionate about creating impactful products accompanied by seamless user experiences. She is constantly seeking new challenges within the tech industry and actively thinking about the products that will solve them.

Passionate. Driven. Hard-working.

I am a second-year computer science major at Caltech. A few of my interests are systems programming, computer science theory, and machine learning. I'm interested in opportunities to challenge myself and work on interesting problems.

I'm passionate about computer engineering. I've earned extensive industry experience in both software and hardware, helping manage projects and develop new technologies for cutting edge VR and AR hardware and content. I've published educational VR software on Steam, and have knowledge of VR best practices, industry standards, and good design. In addition, I've expanded to work on brand-new real-time machine learning technologies, experimental frameworks for mobile and web development, and embedded hardware development. I'm a positive team member, a good collaborator, and a dedicated worker.

Determined, highly motivated and focused individual, always keeping an open mind to new ideas and always learning fast! I praise myself in maintaining a perfect academic record, while having an active lifestyle and excelling in my other responsibilities outside of academics.

Currently a Georgia Tech undergraduate in Computer Science and Teaching Assistant for the College of Computing, concentrating in Intelligence and Information Internetworks.

I am most skilled in Java, but proficient in C. Currently taking courses involving Python, PyTorch and SQL! Past experience with Android development (Android Studio), as well as Object-Oriented Programming, data structures and algorithms.

I am a senior at Georgia Tech studying Industrial Engineering with a concentration in Economic and Financial Systems and a minor in French. After graduating in May of 2020, I will be working as a business analyst out of McKinsey & Company’s Atlanta office. I can be reached at tdenniss6@gatech.edu.

A class of 2020 MIT student studying Computer Science and Mathematics, with a strong interest in Machine Learning.

Currently, a Computer Science + Chemistry major at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign aspiring to break the status quo in the tech industry through extensive research and innovation. Actively looking and willing to take up internships for first-hand experience and exposure.

I am currently an undergraduate student at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. I am most interested in the applications of computer science in big data, media, space exploration, healthcare, and user interface design. I am passionate about equality, diversity, and inclusion in the world and particularly in the STEM field.

I am currently a student at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign pursing a B.S. in Computer Science, College of Engineering.

You can contact me at milojkovic.ema@gmail.com!

Currently a junior at Colgate University, studying computer science and mathematical economics. Interested in software engineering and data science.

I'm studying computer science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, expecting to graduate in 2021.

I am a disciplined, passionate, and fast-learning individual who is always looking to refine my skills. I am currently studying Computer Science with a concentration in People and Intelligence at Georgia Tech, and I am able to combine strong interpersonal skills with technical knowledge. Currently expanding my CS language/framework skill set and applying to Fall/Spring research positions as well as Summer 2020 internships to deepen my understanding.

Senior at University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign studying Computer Science with a Statistics minor

focusing 🌃

Spirited, dedicated student with excellent communication skills and substantial technical knowledge. Pursuing passions in Computer Science by working with machine intelligence, i.e. computer vision, machine learning, and NLP.

Graduate of the Georgia Institute of Technology with a Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Engineering degree. Interested in working within the engineering and healthcare fields by leveraging technical and leadership skills towards the development and innovation of medical devices. Driven by giving back to the community, and thrives in challenging, motivating, and teamwork-based environments.

Contact: priyaarya@gatech.edu

Interested in AI/ML, architecture, systems, UI/UX, and climate

Incoming Software Engineering intern @FB / CS 126 Course Assistant / Current Residential Assistant @ University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign

I am a Statistics & Computer Science major at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

CS @ UIUC 2021

Aspiring computer engineer attending the University of Illinois. Skilled programmer, researcher, and project manager. Hopes to pursue a career in machine learning and cybernetics.

I am a motivated, resourceful second year Computer Engineering student with strong communication and leadership skills, with experience in designing and building business applications. Seeking a summer internship in a cutting edge field where I can develop my skills and learn new ones.

I am a fourth year candidate for a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science with a concentration in Media and People and a minor in Industrial Design. I have a passion for design and efficiency and am interested in full-stack development and engineering of human-centered computing systems and consumer-facing technologies.

Creator of the party AVL: https://github.com/abrown313/graphics/blob/master/partyavl1.gif

I am a Computer Science student with the focus of Intelligence and Systems & Architecture. I have a strong passion as well as competition experiences in both defensive and offensive sector of information security (cybersecurity).

I am currently a 3rd year at Georgia Tech pursuing my BS in Computer Science, with a focus in People and Intelligence. I am looking to gain more technical and professional experience to grow in the industry.

I am a third-year Computer Science student at Georgia Tech pursuing a specialization in Intelligence and Theory. I just finished working as a robotic process automation developer for Accenture Federal Services and am looking forward to working on my thesis for the Center for Signal and Information Processing this Fall.

Seeking an internship to accumulate experience in the Computer Science field through developing software in groups.

I am a recent graduate of Northeastern University, having studied chemical engineering. I wish to use my degree to contribute to development of energy storage technology to support energy sources that decrease current levels of pollution and contributions to climate change.

Computer Science Student at the Georgia Institute of Technology concentrating in Media and Intelligence. Looking for internships in the fields of Full Stack Development and Data Science.

Email: samjain0913@gmail.com, sjain395@gatech.edu
GitHub: github.com/sjain0913
Phone: 4703631437

I am an aspiring Software Engineer and am currently in my third year at the University of Michigan, studying Computer Science in the College of Engineering.

What I enjoy most about Software Engineering is the opportunity to turn ideas into optimized, tangible products that help people work, operate, and live. This passion to create has led me to Software Development and teaching roles where I have been able to further my abilities to problem solve, share knowledge, and create solutions.

I am a 5th year at Georgia Tech majoring in Computer Science with a focus on People and Media. My interests lie at the intersection of human interaction, technology and design. Currently seeking a full time role in Product Management. Graduating Dec 2019.

I am currently a computer science student at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.

Feel free to email me at aashia@umich.edu if you would like to learn more about me!

Junior Computer Science student at the University of Michigan

When I was 14, I went to a journalism camp and ruled out journalism as a possible career forever.
When I was 15, I volunteered at a hospital and ruled out medicine as my future.
When I was 16, I interned at a startup and decided that software engineering was actually... fun?

That was it, that was when I went ahead with studying Computer Science. Every project I work on is an emotional roller coaster which is why I enjoy it because it keeps me engaged. The best moments are when I fall asleep thinking of bugs in my code and wake up with a possible solutions.

Back in 6th grade, we were shown a horrifying and overly dramatic documentary about how the world is going to die and no birds will sing in 70 years. Upon calculation, I realized that I might still be alive then. This earth shattering conclusion set me down a dark windy road that I'm still trying to figure out.

You see, what I've realized is that I love my work but I'm not satisfied until it's making a tangible impact on what I care about. I know what I want to do and I know what impact I want to cause, I'm just trying to find the link between those nodes.

The good thing is that I'm enjoying the journey to self discovery. Everyday offers the possibility of learning something new, meeting someone from a different background, and allowing myself to be inspired by someone else's story. In short, people excite me. I thrive off of everyone else's energy. And the road doesn't seem scary at all once you've got some optimism and energy as your allies.

Computer Science student at UIUC. Find out more about me on my website! https://arjunarun.com

I'm an undergraduate student at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign studying computer science.

My main interests are security, distributed systems, and networking.

I am a junior majoring in Computer Science and minoring in Linguistics at Cornell University. I am passionate about software development and creating products. I am also intrigued by how language relates to computing, especially relating to the fields of Natural Language Processing and Natural Language Generation.

www.krishdholakia.com

Hey, it's me Satwik Singh, a senior in Statistics and Computer Science at University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign.

I am currently studying Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. I have interests in software engineering/development, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data science.

People don't know what they want until you show it to them.

I have a strong interest in software development, data science, and machine learning. I plan t... see more

Currently a junior studying Computer Science at Purdue University, with a focus on software engineering and machine learning.

Hello! My name is Sejal K. Parmar, and I am an undergraduate student at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.
... see more

I am a junior majoring in Computer Science at University of Michigan.

Within technology roles, I have the most experience with backend development, full stack we... see more

Hi! My name's Michael and I'm a computer science student at Princeton University and a software engineer.

I'm interested in distributed systems, distributed consensus protocols, cloud services infrastructure, information security & cryptography, web development, and many other domains within the field of software engineering. I've been programming since I was 12 years old, and since then I've had the opportunity to work with a wide array of programming languages and frameworks. I've worked extensively in Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, Golang, and I'm also very comfortable with C, Python, and Ruby.

To see some of my projects, be sure to check out my Github as well as my personal website. Thanks for stopping by!

I am a senior at The Ohio State University pursuing Computer Science and Engineering. During my last software engineering internship, I enjoyed learning about the process of product development. Through my academic and industry research experiences, I have also learned to appreciate tackling the challenges of research. I hope to continue exploring a career that intersects both of these areas. I will be graduating in December 2020.

I'm an undergraduate student at Georgia Tech's Scheller College of Business with a concentration in Information Technology Management and a minor in Computer Science through the Denning Technology & Management Program.

I want to position myself at the intersection of business operations and information technology and become an impactful leader wherever I end up.

I am a sophomore at the Georgia Institute of Technology majoring in Computer Science with concentrations in Devices and Intelligence looking for Software Engineering Internship roles for Summer 2020.
Most recently I have started working on a research project - Sensornets. I am working on making a scalable wireless network using TI-MSP432 boards and collecting audio and vibration data for processing in a football stadium.
I am confident that my background and technical skills combined with my strong work ethic are the best fit for the needs of a Software Engineering Internship role.

Experienced Research And Development Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the renewables and environment industry. Strong research professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Chemical Engineering from Northeastern University.

Hello there! My name is Annie Tang, and I am a senior at UC Berkeley, who is pursuing her bachelor's degree in Computer Science and is interested in exploring the intersections between health/education with technology.

I'm excited to be joining the Facebook team @ New York post-graduation.
Happy to connect!

Computer Science Honors student and highly motivated team player with zeal to learn new technologies, solve problems, and tackle challenges.

Responsible and hard-working student pursuing a B.S. in Chemical
Engineering with double minors in Computer Science and Business at
Cornell University. Experience in small molecule synthesis and
characterization as well as process design and thinfilm copolymer
assembly. Strengths include problem solving and teamwork.

Majoring in Computer Science, minoring in Mathematics and Economics

I'm a third-year Industrial Design student from Georgia Tech with a desire to better the lives of others. With my passion for user-centered design, ethnography, and product development, I'm eager to design for social good.

Hi there! I am a senior at the Georgia Institute of Technology pursuing my Bachelor of Science in Computer Science!

Currently, I am seeking full time opportunities within the software engineering field and would love to connect!

I will be attending GHC '19 through a scholarship with Google. If you are interested in getting to know me and learning about my experiences, feel free to drop me a line!

I am student at the University of Illinois studying Computer Science. I have a passion for software development and financial markets. I am constantly looking to explore different areas of technology to better my skills and understanding of computer science.

To me, computer science is a medium through which I can integrate my ideas into the real world. I love working on projects targeted towards a real-world problem. To pursue these passions, I teach myself new languages and technologies to be able to come up with new solutions. I have worked with both mobile and web development using Java, Node, SQL, C++, and many other tools.

In terms of team projects, I am involved mainly in OTCR Consulting. During my most recent project, I worked with BP to create their internal wellness program, a running club. We delivered a website in which employees could enter their races to receive the appropriate insurance benefits as well as a Salesforce platform for all employees to track their races and compete with each other.

I am looking for a software development/data science internship where I can continue to pursue my passions, improve my skills, and make a significant impact.

I am a rising senior at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, currently studying Computer Engineering. I have taken great interest in the incredible technological innovations over the past decade, where dreams have turned into reality and these new ideas can aid us in our daily lives. My goal is to learn these basic foundations and concepts through internships and schoolwork, so that one day I, too, can help contribute to making people's lives safer, easier, and more efficient.

Passionate for building unique and socially impactful products. Fast and avid learner who thrives in the collaborative process.

Hi! My name is Ayusha, and I am pursuing a degree in Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. I am particularly interested in UI/UX, app development, and product management and am excited about working with technology that bridges the gap between humans and machines.

Sanjit is the CEO and co-founder of Samsara, where he is focused on making it easier and more affordable for businesses to deploy sensors at a massive scale. Prior to Samsara, Sanjit was the CEO and co-founder of Meraki, one of the most successful networking companies of the past decade. Sanjit grew Meraki from his Ph.D. research into a complete enterprise networking portfolio, with cloud-based management that revolutionized the deployment of large networks. Meraki's sales doubled every year from inception, earning the company tens of thousands of customers. In 2012 Cisco acquired Meraki for $1.2 billion. Under his leadership, Cisco Meraki continued to grow at over 100%, making it one of Cisco's fastest-growing product lines in history.

Sanjit has been recognized as a TR35 honoree by MIT Technology Review, a Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum, and has received awards for academic research in computer networking. He also serves on the boards of ThousandEyes and Highfive Technologies, and is an investor in several startups.

Sanjit holds a B.S. in Computer Systems Engineering from Stanford and an S.M. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT.

Hi! I’m a third-year at Georgia Tech majoring in Computer Science and minoring in Global Development. Technology is the backbone of the lives we live today, and I’m excited to leverage it to solve our major problems. With data and user awareness, we can better understand problems and then respond appropriately with software. I am a life-long learner, and I value the sharing of ideas and passions. I hope to engineer impactful technology for society and to find meaningful ways to invigorate collaboration and fun in my workplace.

I'm a current student at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign majoring in Computer Science.

Currently, I serve as the secretary of the UIUC Chapter of ACM, the Association for Computing Machinery, which is the largest student chapter in the nation. I'm involved with helping plan events such as Engineering Open House and Reflections|Projections, which are large scale annual events at the university. I also conduct research on the optimization of algorithms in different environments (CPUs vs GPUs), examining the effects on parallel programming on the program's execution. As a consultant at OTCR consulting, I work with talented students analyzing the business and tech strategy of clients. I've formerly held positions as course staff for Software Design Studio and Computer Architecture working with students in code reviews, lab and discussion sections, and office hours.

Hello! My name is Jen and I am an engineer and artist. I am always looking for opportunities to integrate technology with my creative skillset. I am passionate about how we can leverage technology for sustainable causes, frontend development, and open source software.

GitHub: @jenniferyen
Twitter: @jenyen0309

I'm a Junior at UIUC majoring in Computer Science, interested in startups, venture capital and exploring problems pertaining to Infrastructure, Distributed Systems, Machine Learning and Back-end development.

Freshman at Penn planning to pursue a B.S. in Economics (Wharton) and B.S.E in Computer Science (Engineering). Interested in technology, business, and education.

Feel free to reach out to me! My email is abikmal7@wharton.upenn.edu.

I am currently a junior at Cornell University majoring in computer science and minoring in business.

I am active, energetic person who enjoys working close with others. I have always been an athlete and believe it builds great character, so I aspire to help others do the same by becoming a professional sports team's physical therapist.

My primary goal is to follow my passion in Software Development while teaming up with people with similar mindset to come up with products that put a significant impact towards future in Science and Technology.

Software Engineering

Student at the University of Texas at Austin studying Computer Science and Mathematics


https://github.com/michaellee4

Interested in the intersection between business, design & technology with a passion in product & media. I enjoy meeting people and learning new things, so please feel free to reach out if you'd like to chat!

Highly organized and motivated computer science student looking for internship positions to utilize my prior experience in software engineering and skills including leadership, communication, and interpersonal relations to positively contribute to a company.

Undergraduate at Cornell University studying Policy Analysis & Management, Business, and Resource & Environmental Economics.

You can reach me at jgc236@cornell.edu

I want to be building something cool with a bunch of people who are great human beings.

I am passionate about developing relentless teams, teaching through storytelling, and learning more about how humans behave - consciously & subconsciously. I enjoy being intentional with the time I spend, all the while not taking myself too seriously.

The products I've personally built revolved around helping people find jobs, finding emotional security, and most recently, building habits with friends.

Check out my (unfiltered) thoughts on these subjects at https://medium.com/@bigdchang.

github.com/zoebarth

Junior at Duke University pursuing a double major in Computer Science and Statistical Science and a minor in Economics. My passions lie in creating/learning new things, composing music, and working with others.


Let's chat! Email: sherry.hu@duke.edu

Please feel free to contact me at melissa.zhang@stern.nyu.edu

I am a second year Computer Science major at the Georgia Institute of Technology. With concentrations in Intelligence and People, I am interested in human-computer interaction. I am currently seeking an internship position in software engineering for Summer 2020.

Specialties: Distributed systems, file system consistency, software system optimization, programming languages, open source software, networks

https://abehara2.github.io

Pursuing a B.S. in Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

- Third Year Student majoring in Industrial & Systems Engineering with a concentration in Supply Chain seeking work experience in developing/perfecting Sustainable Systems
- Most recently interned at the L'Oreal manufacturing plant in North Little Rock, Arkansas working with the Performance Improvement Department
- Familiar with Python, MySQL, Java, PyQT, and R
- Conducted research analyzing data regarding blood lead levels and gas lead levels in regions of Africa
- Student-Athlete on the official Georgia Tech Dance Team Goldrush, a Georgia Tech Tour Guide, and Industrial & Systems Engineering Ambassador, and a tutor for students with learning disabilities in the Excel Program

Sophomore studying Computer Science at the University of Illinois. Passionate at tech, community, design, and marketing.

Aspiring software developer and tech entrepreneur.

Computer Science student with over 4 years of experience in programming high-impact algorithms. Through various leadership roles, I have developed strong communication skills and experience working in an agile team setting. Currently looking to effectively bring my expertise and knowledge to your organization through an internship.

I am currently an undergraduate student at the University of Illinois studying Computer Engineering and I possess experience in technologies such as C/C++, Python, SQL, HTML, CSS, and Java.

Hello! My name is Ricky Woodruff, and I am a sophomore Computer Science student at the University of Texas at Austin. Over the summer, I had the opportunity of taking classes at Stanford University where I was able to get an introduction to Artificial Intelligence, learn about responsive Client-Side Web Development, and gain insight into Silicon Valley's entrepreneurial realm.

Computer science student at Brown University - interested in healthcare tech, ethics and AI, data science, and emerging technologies. Also excited about international experience and cultural diversity.

I am a junior at Duke University majoring in Computer Science with a minor in Psychology, interested in Artificial Intelligence and using tech for social good. I am currently a software engineering intern at Salesforce.

I am a third-year Biomedical Engineering major pursuing a minor in Robotics and a TA for the College of Computing at Georgia Tech. Currently, I am searching for an internship or co-op position starting Summer 2020.

Hello, my name is Anaya Patel and I am a 2nd year at Georgia Tech. I am majoring in Computer Science with concentrations in human-computer interaction and intelligence. I have front-end experience through my internship with Cerner Corporation and am looking for a software engineering internship for summer 2020. I am a dedicated worker who loves to learn and problem solve, and if you have any questions please don't hesitate to email me at apatel672@gatech.edu. Thank you!

Doing the work I love @ Carnegie Mellon.

As a consistent member of the Dean’s Honor List, I represent the top 10% of my class. Some of my past experiences involve policy implementation, sales, and human capital management. I am specifically interested in the topics of Public Health, Nutrition, and Behavioral Change, and I look to bring my creativity as well as my ambition to any workplace setting.

I'm a junior at Illinois Engineering, majoring in CS and minoring in math. I'm an experienced software developer and undergraduate researcher.
... see more

Hi! I'm Mukund, and I am a sophomore at the University of Illinois. I am an ambitious student studying Computer Science with a minor in Econometrics, alongside involvement in organizations such as Alpha Kappa Psi, a professional business fraternity, and ACM. I enjoy software development, especially focusing on developing intelligent, clean software that can make a tangible impact. I have strong experience with Java, C++, and Python, and interned at Intel this past summer. I am looking for Software Engineering and Product Management internships for Summer 2020. Feel free to contact me at mukundm2@illinois.edu.

Hi, I'm Kashyap! I'm absolutely loving CS at Georgia Tech, and I'm graduating in May 2019. My focuses are on Artificial Intelligence and Human-Computer Interaction. I'm a former SDE intern at Amazon for Summer 2018. Check me out at https://kashyappatel.tech

I am energized about energy, passionate about processes, and captivated by chemistry. I study chemical engineering at Cornell University, and I hope to one day work in the energy or chemical processing fields. I also study Mandarin because technological solutions require global cooperation. Further, a one-size-fits-all approach cannot be used for a global chemical or energy market. I am minoring in China and Asian Pacific Studies so that I am prepared to apply technologies across the two largest markets, the United States and China.

Studying CS + linguistics at the University of Illinois @ Urbana-Champaign and passionate about product management, SWE, and UI/UX

I am a 4th year Industrial Systems Engineering student at the Georgia Institute of Technology, concentrating in Economics and Financial Systems. I strive to embody a customer-first mindset and believe that my passions, both professionally within the intersection of supply chain and consulting, and holistically, through my diverse array of leadership experiences, fully reflect this.

My professional experiences have shown me the true impact of serving clients in helping improve their processes to attain their goals. My past and current involvements, centered around ambassadorship, philanthropy, and mentorship, have allowed me to embrace a servant heart mentality towards others. Together, these experiences, have helped shape who I am today and who I aspire to be in this career field.

Strengths:
Positivity | Strategic | Developer | Woo | Maximizer

Current college junior with a strong background in scientific research, and a passion for finding innovative solutions to real world problems. Occasional Hip Hop Enthusiast and Poet.

Hi! I am a junior at Yale passionate about building things, solving logical puzzles, questioning defaults, and changing definitions. I'm returning to Google this coming summer as a software engineering intern in the Research and Machine Intelligence division. I'm excited to be on an adventure of ceaseless learning, as I explore boundaries of technology and craft impactful products to better the world.

I'm a sophomore studying Computer Science in the Grainger College of Engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

I am a motivated software engineer who is currently studying computer science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Third year Chemical Engineering student with a minor in Computer Science and experience in business and financial analytics, consulting, and startups.

I am an extremely motivated and dedicated Computer Engineering student at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with a passion for technology an specialization in the fields of Machine Learning and Algorithms. I am always open to novel and ambitious opportunities.

Studying CS, Psych, and Computational Biology @ Duke University. I'm a designer interested in technology for social innovation, education, and healthcare | https://vicki-lu.com

I got my master’s degree in computer science at Northwestern University this December. This summer, I interned at Amazon as a software development engineer. Also, I am an attendant of VMWare CodeHouse in summer of 2019. I will join in Google YouTube in 2020 as a software engineer.

I got my bachelor’s degree in mathematics and applied mathematics from Zhejiang University. In my junior and senior years, I was a undergraduate research assistant in the group of Computer Graphics in State Key Lab of CAD&CG in Zhejiang University.
